[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai--
After Cell s perfect power
proved too much for Vegeta,
Trunks stepped in to
continue the fight!
Can the young Saiyan warrior
succeed where his father
failed?
Find out-- now!
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[TRUNKS GRUNTING]
AAAGGGHHHHH!!!
[ELECTRICAL CRACKING SOUNDS]
[ANDROID 16 THINKS]
Such intense power...
[BLASTS ROCK THE AREA]
Man, even the
air is crackling...
[KRILLIN]
It s awesome...
Even from this distance...
I sure wouldn t
wanna be standin
in Cell s shoes right now...
HHHUUUWWWAAAHHH!!!
Where is all this
power coming from,
I ve never felt
anything like it!
It... has to be Trunks...
Well he puts
Vegeta to shame...
No question about it...
I d say Cell has
met his match!
AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
Yes, most impressive...
If your father was
half as powerful as you,
perhaps he wouldn t
have been carried off...
You androids make
me sick, the way
you act like this is all just
some twisted game...
What you did to my
world was all too real...!
And I promise that
will not be repeated here!
HHHUUUAAAHHH!!!
My, that power just
keeps on climbing...
soon you ll surpass even me...
Go ahead, get angry,
fire it up kid...!
That s exactly what I want.
[CELL] And were
he still with us,
I ve no doubt Doctor
Gero would be
equally thrilled for
this opportunity...
He d have wanted nothing more
than to find someone like you,
who could test the limits
of his greatest creation.
[CELL CHUCKLES]
[LIGHTNING STRIKE]
[CELL GRUNTS AS HE
BEGINS HIS POWER UP]
Together we ll discover the
true power of my perfection...
Should be glorious,
don t you think?
[CELL CHUCKLES]
No, I think you ve
got it all wrong, Cell!
The only thing you re
gonna discover today
is the true power of a Saiyan!
HHHUUAAARRRAAA!!!
ERRRHHHAAAHHH!!!
AAAGGGHHHAAA!!!
[TRUNKS]
Da-De-Da-De-Da...
What?!
What awesome speed...
They are moving
faster than I can track...
I am going to
stop you, Cell...
I ll wipe you androids
from the face of the earth
if it s the last thing I do!
[CELL AND TRUNKS GRUNT
AS THEY STRUGGLE]
[IMPACT BLAST]
[CELL LAUGHS]
I admit... in terms of raw
power you have me bested...
My own strength doesn t
even begin to compare.
However... if you think you
have a chance of defeating me...
You re sorely mistaken.
You d like believing
that, wouldn t you?
You re just
bluffing now!
Mmm... You think so?
Whoa. Hey...
You hangin in there, Vegeta?
[KRILLIN] We better
land somewhere
and get you fixed up...
[KRILLIN]
There, that ll do.
[SOUNDS OF ANIMAL LIFE]
Hey... You still with me?
[VEGETA STRUGGLING]
Okay... just eat this
Senzu bean, alright?
[VEGETA LETS OUT BREATH]
There you go...
Welcome back.
[VEGETA]
(grr) Curse that Cell...!
[TRUNKS GROWLS AS
HE POWERS UP AGAIN]
AAARRGGGHHH!!!
[CELL CHUCKLES UNDER HIS BREATH]
Foolish boy...
Go right ahead...
power up all you want.
[TRUNKS]
UUHHHAAAHHH!!!
[GROUND BLASTING TO PIECES]
[TRUNKS CONTINUES TO
GROAN AS HE POWERS UP]
Wow!
Man... talk about intense...!
His power has completely
overshadowed Cell s...
It s... unbelievable...!
[BULMA] C mon, guys...
play-by-play FAIL...!
Not all of us here have
psychic powers, y know...
Do you mind telling me
who you re talking about.
Who else could it be?!
It s Trunks!
Oh... well whaddaya know...
It s you...!
Strongest baby ever!
[GOHAN GRUNTS AS HE
STARTS TO POWER UP]
[GOHAN THINKS]
Anger...
Anger is the key to
becoming a Super Saiyan...!
UURRRHHHGGGHHH!!!
[GOHAN EMITS FIGHTING GRUNTS]
Wow... Looks like he s
really getting the hang of it.
Good. At this rate...
he s gonna turn out
even stronger than
I d hoped he would...!
[GOHAN THINKS]
Dad s just been sitting
in that same spot
for a couple days now.
Looks like he s meditating.
He must still be trying
to figure out how to go
beyond a Super Saiyan.
It s gotta be tough...
[GOHAN BREATHING HEAVY]
HHHUUAAAHHHH...!!!
HHHUUUNNNNAAHH!
[ENERGY BLAST]
That... energy...
[GOHAN]
That s awesome, Dad!
Your power...
it s huge...!
You really did it...!
You went beyond
Super Saiyan!
I could even go one
step further if I wanted to...
AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
[BURSTS OF ENERGY AND CONTINUED
GRUNTS AS GOKU POWERS UP]
UUUNNNGGGHHH!!!
That s... amazing!
[GOHAN] You ve gotta be stronger
than ten Cells put together...
No way he can defeat
you like that...!
There s no way
anyone could!
What s... going on...?
I don t understand...
Why...can t I hit him?
[CELL] Such
a disappointment...
So much for testing
my limits squirt.
You re even more
worthless than your father...
Oh yeah?!
That s it!
[TRUNKS GRUNTS AS
HE POWERS UP AGAIN]
I m telling you
it s no use Trunks.
You can come at me all day...
and you ll never touch me.
[IMPACT BLAST CONCUSSION]
[TRUNKS THINKS] Why?
Why is this happening...?!
With all the power I ve gained,
I should be destroying him ...!
[GOHAN] Wow, there s no
way you can lose, Dad...!
Cell s going down for sure!
No, I can t do
it, son... not yet.
What...? But your power...
It s not enough...
Sure, it s gone up...
But these bulky muscles
are also gonna make it
hard to move very fast,
and against a
monster like Cell,
I can t afford
to lose a step...
All the raw power
in the universe won t
do me any good if I
can t catch my opponent...
It s gonna take a lot more
than brute strength
to win this fight.
Besides,
the transformation itself
wastes a ton of energy...
I d say the regular
Super Saiyan form
still has the best
all-around balance...
So here s what I think
we should do... Ready?
Yeah...?
[GOKU] From now on,
we re gonna try
to stay in our Super Saiyan
forms all the time, 24/7...
Well, except for when
we re asleep, I guess...
[GOKU] We need to make
being a Super Saiyan
seem as natural as breathing...
It s gotta be totally
effortless...
That way... we ll use our power
much more efficiently...
We ll keep our other
training pretty light
til we get the hang of it...
then we ll ramp it up.
Right...! Kay...
I m ready... Let s go for it!
[TRUNKS BREATHES HEAVILY]
Hmph... Ridiculous...
What happened to showing
me the true power
of a Saiyan ...?
This has all just been
screaming and
flexing of muscles...
Anyone could perform
a transformation like that...
[CELL BELLOWS AS HE POWERS UP]
It makes for an impressive
display, certainly,
but if your opponent has
any kind of speed...?
Worthless...
[CELL] Honestly, I d have
thought anyone calling himself
a warrior would
understand that much.
Your father
certainly did...
So... why don t you?
[TRUNKS] I...
I ve been so blind...
Dad... must have
known about this
transformation all along...
But... he didn t use it...
He knew that...
this is what would happen...
[TRUNKS THINKS]
What was I thinking?
How could I
be such a fool...?
It'll be no sense
in fighting anymore
I ve lost.
You most certainly have.
No... Trunks energy--
it s like it just
vanished completely...!
But...that s crazy...
What happened?!
Cell... he s still getting
strong as ever...
I don t get it,
did Trunks really lose...?
But how...?
I was sure he had this one...
That does it!
I m through sitting around!
[KRILLIN] Hey,
what re you doin ?!
What do you
think I m doing...?!
I m going after Cell!
What...? You re nuts!
[VEGETA]
Oh, can it!
Well there s
a Saiyan for ya .
I mean, one minute he s down,
the next he s
rarin to go again...
It s enough to
wear a guy out...
Say, guys...
so what s the latest
on Trunks and Cell?
He s incredible...
Naturally... That s my boy!
No... Not Trunks...
He was talking about Cell!
It s all over...
Trunks is done!
I can t express how
disappointed I am in
both you and Vegeta.
I expected far more from
a pair of Super Saiyans.
Though I do
have one question...
While it ultimately
came up lacking...
you and Vegeta still
managed to increase
your power considerably
in a short period of time.
Tell me... how did you do it?
[CELL] You don t
want to answer?
Alright then. Let me
change the question.
[CELL] If you had more time,
could you get even stronger?
Could you?
Maybe... I don t know,
what difference does it make?!
And, why would you even
ask something like that?
Just exploring a
few possibilities...
Now one more question...
Why hasn t Goku made
an appearance...?
You must know
where he s been hiding...
He s not hiding!
He s training to
defeat you as we speak...!
And knowing him,
when he comes out...
he ll be stronger
than dad or I ever were...
If anyone can take
you down, it s him!
Interesting...
Then, let me
propose a contest...
What do you mean...?
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL] I m talking about
a tournament, naturally.
Let s say in...
ten days time?
Do some more training,
then come and face me again.
What...? What is this,
some kinda sick joke?
I m not sure whether
or not you re aware...
but in this time,
there was an event
held every few years
known as the
World Martial
Arts Tournament.
[CELL] I m offering
to recreate that.
[CELL] The only notable
difference is that it will be me
versus all of you.
We ll fight one on one,
and after each time I win,
the next challenger
will be free to step on in.
As many as you like...
Obviously, the more
challengers you bring...
the better your chances
are of winning...!
Though better is
entirely relative in this case.
[CELL] I ll let you know
once I ve decided
upon a
suitable location...
Just keep your
eye on the television.
What?!
This should prove
to be most entertaining.
[CELL CHUCKLES]
See you there...
Oh and, don t forget to bring
along those little Senzu beans.
No... just...wait...!
First explain to me
why you re really doing this...
The truth, Cell--
your real objective!
[TRUNKS] I just don t see
what you hope to gain...
This has to be some
kind of trick, right...?
Otherwise it
doesn t make sense!
[CELL] Must you always
be so suspicious?
[CELL] I will hold
the tournament
simply to showcase
the power of my perfect form.
[CELL] And I also hope to
draw out a challenger
who can actually
test my limits.
I have no particular
objective beyond that...
I m not interested
in such vulgar pursuits
as world conquest...
Even the purpose for
which I was originally created,
the defeat of
Goku for Dr. Gero...
at this point,
it just seems trivial.
You might say
my only goal now
is to enjoy myself...
And of course,
I enjoy nothing more...
than the looks of
perfect terror my power
inspires on people s faces.
That s it... That s the look.
[CELL LAUGHS]
So long, kid.
[NARRATOR] In a
surprise turn of events,
Cell has decided
to host his very own
World Martial Arts Tournament!
But could he be
harboring ulterior motives
as Trunks suspects?
And what of Goku?
Will his training enable
him to beat Cell
at his own game?
The suspense mounts--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[CELL] Greetings,
out there in TV-land!
I am Cell, and I am
here to announce
my upcoming tournament.
But first-- to those of you
who had previously
labeled me as a monster --
as you can see,
the term no longer applies!
I have achieved
the Perfect Body!
Go ahead admire it.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai--
[CELL] Admit it,
you know you re jealous.